This ABEL program creates a digital combination lock.

The target CPLD is: ispMACH LC4256ZE 144-pin TQFP (LC4256ZE-5TN144C)

This lock creates a pseudo-random 8-bit binary combination and unlocks when the selected combination is manually entered.
The random sequence is generated by a linear feedback shift register and is displayed on the top row of LEDs when DIP1 = 1 (asserted) and is hidden when DIP1 = 0.
The randomly generated combination will keep changing as long as DIP0 = 1 (asserted) and will freeze when DIP0 = 0. DIP0 should be set to 0 once a lock combination is chosen.
Hide this combination from others by making sure DIP1 = 0.
DIP7 is used as an asynchronous reset for the whole lock.

When the device is in its locked state (initial state), the scrolling string "SECUrE" will be displayed on the four 7-segment displays.
Then, the user can enter the password (generated by the linear feedback shift register and locked using DIP0) by using the pushbutton switches S1 and S2.
S1 clocks the password input, and S2 is used to set the input as high or low. Press S2 while clocking to assert high, and leave S2 open while clocking to assert low.
A ring counter is displayed on the second row of LEDs to help the user keep track of which password bit they are entering. When the password is being entered, the scrolling display will be off and the jumbo yellow light will be illuminated.

If the 8-bit password combination was successfully entered, the scrolling string "OPEn" will be displayed on the four 7-segment displays and the jumbo green LED will be illuminated.
Once the password is entered successfully, the device will ignore any other inputs till DIP2 is asserted, at which time clocking in either a "high" or a "low" using S1 and S2 will return the device to its locked state.

If a mistake is made at any point while the combination is being entered, the lock will enter the alarm state. In this state, the jumbo red LED will flash at a 1 Hz rate, and the scrolling string "Error" will be displayed on the four 7-segment displays.
